cspell lint docs (#3787)
woodpecker-ci/woodpecker: docs/versioned_docs/version-2.7/30-administration/22-backends/50-custom-backends.md

# Custom backends

> If none of our backends fits your use case, you can write your own.

Author: ```suggestion
If none of our backends fits your usecase, you can write your own.
```
